
check that new files are there for people who update
context menu for right clicking messages
sato: wants option to have snooper prefer mouseover over target

---------------------------------------

DONE:
WINDOWS
[ ] MAIN
[ ] SNOOPER
[ ] CUSTOM1	
-------
MAIN    >
	OPTIONS
	...
	SETTINGS
SNOOPER >
	SNOOPER OPTIONS
	...
	SETTINGS
CUSTOM1 >
	OPTIONS
	...
	SETTINGS
-------
DM TAGS >
	ENABLE
	MARK ALL
SETTINGS

yve wants the titlebar to be gone (done)
player filter menu is broken (done)
merge the listener minimap menu together, having the "hide" values part of the frame dropdown menues only (done)
snooper only shows for target (done)
merge the frame settings into the main settings panel (done)
dont hide snooper title bar for consistency - that should be a main option, to hide titlebars (done)
hide "close" button (done)
combat hide is broken (done)
tooltip for snooper>filter menu	(done)
sylvia bug with channels		(not found)
separate taskbar flashing and sounds			(done)
custom sounds (maybe next version)			(done)
npc emote text wasnt keyword highlighted in listener window		(who cares)
allow more mouse options for other windows							(done.)
	add Enable Mouse feature for all windows						(done.)
	when shift is held, it enabkes mouse							(done.)
	there is no Enable Scroll option for normal windows (as that doesnt make sense)		(done.)
option to not clear readmark automatically			(added)
link bug (when posting two links, the latter doesnt work.) (fixed)
improved keyword highlighting				(fixed)
kyphaz keywords bug					(fixed! needs testing.)
normalize showing of resize thumb			(fixed!)
move console commands to separate file and clean them up (and fix them)	(done)
---
the poke sound should cancel beeps.								(fixed!)
no beep for WHISPER_INFORM (and other messages that shouldnt beep according to the ignor filter (fixed!)
sort target beep by snooper.									(fixed!)
snooper shouldnt close when the mouse is focusing it.						(fixed!)
check out why whispering didnt clear readmark. (this should be intended behavior, but check anyway) (fixed!)
copy link needs to reset the character limit in the editbox					(fixed!)
clickblock is set wehn messages are added to other windows?? (refreshing issue?)		(fixed!)

rp connect should include RAID WARNING.								(fixed!)
rp connect should be on the event level

=========
FUTURE VERSIONS
temporary windows
context menu for right clicking messages
	create new window for this person
	create new window for this channel
	
request: snooper only shows when you target
snooper fades for some reason when changing main options (esp the tab size)